NOTICE: ALL THE COMMANDS HERE STATED WERE TESTES ON A MACHINE RUNNING THE UBUNTU OPERATING SYSTEM VERSION 14.04+
WHICH ALREADY CONTAINS A PYTHON COMPILER 2.7+. IF YOUR SYSTEM DOES NOT CONTAIN IT, PLEASE VISIT www.python.org

== Installing Paramiko ==

Paramiko is the library which supports an SSH interface. So NeXT does need it in order to connect properly to all
resources available on PlanetLab.

As a SuperUser (root), execute the following command on a Terminal:

apt-get install paramiko

On Paramiko's Official Website, they recommend to install it using Pip (https://pip.pypa.io/en/latest/) by running
as a normal user, the following command:

pip install paramiko

Either way you will install Paramiko so you will be able to properly execute the tool.

== Quick HOW TO for creating an Experiment ==

In order to create an experiment, you will need to code 2 scripts:

i) Monitor Script

This script will be executed on monitors you will select on your experiment. Pay attention that the same script is 
executed on every configured monitor. It is usually programmed to call an external application to consume a content.
(Like a P2P application, eg.: SopCast). It can be any executable file, like a Bash script with execution permissions
(chmod +x script.sh).

ii) A Node scripy

This script will be executed on nodes you will select on your experiment. Pay attention that the same script is 
executed on every configured node. The same description described above is applied here: it can be any executable file
with execution permissions.

Also, notice that a monitor cannot be a node. The tools assures that deselecting a host if you select it as a
monitor (or as a node) for both roles.

Save both files on any directory you want. You can find, as an example, the base directory called 'sopcast'. Notice 
the executable file called 'bridge.sh'. This file has to be in any base directory you select, because this is the
script which bridges requests from Nodes and Monitors. Also, in order to help in the analisys, the directory
'analisys' must be kept within the base directory (in this example, the base directory is 'sopcast').

After installing NeXT, double click the file PANV in order to open the tool. In order to properly use the tool, you
will need a PlanetLab User and a Slice with noded added to it. In order to do so, you can access the PlanetLab
Website and add the nodes of your preference. This will be possible through the application in the future.

Step by Step process to emulate one Experiment:

0.0) Download and Install SopCast on www.sopcast.com

0.1) Find one *.RMVB/*.WMV video to stream on SopCast

= Login =

Username: PlanetLab_USER

Password: PlanetLab_PASS

= Interface =

0) Double click on NEXT and Execute it;

1) Click on "PlanetLab" notetab;

2) Click to select a private-key: select the file 'planetlab-key', under the sopcast folder;

3) Click to select "Nodes'working directory": select 'sopcast' (this folder is inside the app's folder);

3.1) Then, for Nodes select 'node.sh' and for Monitor select 'monitor.sh'

4) Click on "Refresh List" to retrieve nodes from your PlanetLab Slice;

5) Come back to "Nodes" notetab and select some Nodes and Monitors;

6) Click on "Send Directory to Nodes" to send (3) to all Nodes and Monitors;

7) Open SopCast and under "MyServer" notetab, click on "Start"

8) You can now start your experiment by clicking on the "Start" button (on our application);

All results will be saved on the Results directory. Each file is named with the hosntmae from each node of your slice.
